before it begin let me start by saying
if you joined the navy because you loved
this movie how did it feel when you got
there and you ain't look like tom cruise
the stars of our movie today are the guy
who played batman and jim morrison and
the voice of god which are all basically
the same rope
jerry maguire and
andy dufreyne play
our story begins with an explanation
about the purpose of top gun see is
right there
and did he just fight on that aircraft
carrier
our story really begins in the indian
ocean present day
seattle's right there with some men in
the flight control tower seeing a bogey
on the radar that needs to be pit
and who's up there our hero
maverick along with goose who will soon
be a dead duck
plus cougar and mr dufresne so this
scene is too long and relatively
pointless
but it's just to let everyone know that
maverick is always in trouble and has a
daddy complex
maverick and goose will go into top gun
and all the men in the navy have class
rings and sweaty balls
does this man not look like a sweaty
scrotum he says to maverick
you've got a real attitude problem
maverick your slacker you remind me of
your father when he went here he was a
slack good too
so our story really begins in miramar
california see also right there with
maverick fist pumping at people doing
his job
it's a big flying giant death machine
i'm a man i get it
oh here we go already talking about how
men love their missiles and how
something long and cylindrical gives
them hard-ons
look at this pillow talk sup baby
but maverick is like sorry ice ass baby
my heart belonged to goose
sexual tension everywhere and here comes
viper or as the boys call him the
one-eyed snake
they don't really call him that but
that's funny though and viper asks him
some questions and maverick gives him
some snacky answers and viper says
you quite the snake sharma ain't you so
next we go to the local club and
oh ooh
[Music]
get off their faces please thank you
back to the men's
so goose tell slider yeah i worked
really hard to get in here
and slide says yeah well i got a big old
crew the nice man comes over and he's
like
you need any help with what
getting out of your pants no i think i
can figure that out for myself but
thanks malfoy
so after offering this woman to lift on
his tomcat and getting flaked off
maverick demonstrates what we all should
do next tighten your buttocks poke out
your titties and walk into the ladies
room where you belong so she can flake
you off again
then the next morning let us school yes
but you must
only accept this lesson if she puts an
apple in her mouth and promises you a
little physical discipline
during mavericks tests his sweaty balls
burst into great balls of fire
and he cheats to prove that he's the
alpha male up in this bunch
then in the locker room slice says you
cheated and iceman says
you dangerous and then he bites at him
like a
tease but then maverick is in all kind
of trouble
viper and just to call him into the
office to scold him for being
you know the word dangerous
then goose tells him look i can't lose
this job
you might be able to fly rub a dog [ __ ]
out of hong kong but i just ride along
the back seat
i'd have to drive a semi i mean a truck
and while that's quite a manly thing to
do i got to be straight with you
in him unless you plan to fly me in some
ramen with that rubber dog
my family ain't gonna have much to eat
but bring the sriracha chicken flavor
please
only the best for my loved ones then
maverick is like
you're my only loved one i ain't gonna
let you down
now get out of here would you two like
some butter on that cone
would you like to be left alone so later
charlie tells maverick to come over for
dinner
but not before it's raining man
hallelujah is raining man amen
well what i mean is maverick and goose
play a much too friendly and revealing
game of volleyball with slider and
iceman
because that's what i do with men i hate
play half naked beach boats in the hot
sand while i
tense my tight tits yeah
and notice the only one wearing a shirt
here is goose because nobody wanna see
his gelatinous birdie titties
so maverick shows up late to dinner and
asks for a few minutes to wash his
smelly ass and shake the sand out of his
tiny whities because he don't want her
mistaking his
for a tower on a sand castle wow
maverick your big stud
teach me your smooth lady alluring ways
so after dinner they talk about how his
mama loved otis redding smart woman
and he says my daddy was a fighter pilot
and he died
don't you feel bad for me and she says
something like
yeah but mostly because he didn't live
long enough to teach you to watch that
unibrow
because you look like all the hair off
your chest migrated to the middle of
your forehead
oh look it's time to remind y'all that
goose has a little hand and a chickadee
so you can get all man misty when he
buys the farm
so once again maverick has a public
pissing contest with his teacher slash
tease and yeah her gets bigger and she
schools this
again this tedious makes goose so damn
bold that he's like
can i just please [ __ ] die now so
he's like
you might have the bigger balls but i'm
the bigger diva
yeah walk away baby you better work
you know that [ __ ] just bill with a
pinky out so she goes breaking all kind
of traffic laws
out of my way my man's on the rag but
all this just so she can take a ride
onto the danger bone
you know the further to the edge the
hotter the intensity
you know what kenny loggins was singing
about the danger bone
oh now nobody wanna see this nasty [ __ ]
i'm not against two women in love but i
cannot condone unless the one on the top
has
two separate eyebrows
so a few days later after charlie gets
off mavericks danger bone
he and goose take their ride into the
danger zone which is pretty much the
same thing
i think mavericks all smitten and
feeling spunky but iceman gotta be all
up in his sh
when iceman finally gets his prison
behind out of the way maverick cooks his
goose
yep that goose is well
done it's time for an episode of
deep thoughts in tidy whities in
tonight's episode viper walks in to say
the maverick
[ __ ] happens get over it
panty waste jesus i'm tired of
babysitting these [ __ ]
oh goose's wife shouldn't feel too bad
now she can find a man who ain't got
that big moustache
and when she gets kissed maybe she won't
feel like she's getting sucked up by a
street sweeper
suffering from the loss of his
significant other maverick is having a
little trouble performing
so viper is like strap his in a tom cat
and get that put in the air pronto
we find out iceman's hot ain't frozen
maverick gets as tight as white as in a
bunch and quits
and charlie drops in to say goodbye and
to remind him he is not a loser
he is jerry mcinguya then maverick
visits viper and finds out the stories
he always heard about his daddy weren't
true
and that he was really a hero because
you know the government covers up
they don't like people on my one viper
tells him he can show up and graduate
and he drives by to find out that his
woman left town and with her when his
favorite pair of titties not attached to
a man in ray-bans whose call sign sounds
like he should be working a stripper
pole
come on let's think about these names
chipper
sundown iceman
slider hollywood
wolf man do these not sound like the
names of men who should be getting
benjamin's slingshot from their g
strings into their cracks 24 hours later
see how it says right there
the ensemble of exotic dancers all fly a
real mission where
oh my god hold the [ __ ] up that
[ __ ] right there is wearing a
helmet with a
with a smooch on it ah
wolf man has one too where can i get
these helmets
take my money and to make a long story
very short
maverick has an identity crisis and
almost bails until goosey lucy talks to
him from beyond the grave and tells him
to go back
and all those ballsy men think i could
be maverick
ain't nothing to it but to do it and
they land the planes and they award each
other with celebratory hugs but with not
too much affection so you never doubt
their massive amounts of toxic
masculinity
and maverick looks to iceman and says
who's your mother guys man you're my
[ __ ]
that's my [ __ ] and maverick
tells mr strickland he wants to be a top
gun instructor
sequel then charlie finds maverick at
the bar
all alone and plays the song on the
jukebox that mavericks sang to her
but it's hard to take this scene
seriously with a photograph of a prized
pig on the wall behind his head
that is a metaphor and they are calling
his woman fat oh the misogyny
the end be sure to like share and
subscribe for your regular fix of meth
and a special thank you to all these
fabulous muffins
you can expect me to upload videos after
i get done staring at that smooch on
that butt on that helmet on that pilot
on that jet
cause i'm a man yes i am and i do not
give a damn
four movies explain far i'm jab
a dive call sign booty smooch
my apologies if this video seems short
and pointless but so is iceman's johnson
probably yeah